{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Bread and butter pudding (Byatt style)\
\
\

\f1\b0 \ulnone - 500g double cream\
- 1/4 tsp nutmeg\
- 4 eggs\
- 8 egg yolk\
- 200g sugar\
- 100g raisins (don\'92t have to)\
\
Bring the double cream to a simmer. Mix everything else until dissolved completely. Slowly add the hot cream. Put to the side for now.\
\
Cut up Brioche or hot cross bun or any bread like croissant and slice into thing slices. If the crust is too crunchy, cut it off before.\
\
Take your oven mould, and butter it completely so it doesn\'92t stick. Take your thinly sliced brioche bread and dip it in the custard, then fill the oven mould with it and leave no open spots. Add some extra custard after each layer and some raisins and keep layering until the mould is filled.\
\
Now put in a tray on an oven cloth, add water until half the mould is covered. Cover the mould with baking paper and foil and cook in the oven at 185\'b0c for 1 hour. Check if its cooked.\
\
Once its cooked, place a heavy tray on it with weight and put in the fridge over night. The next day, slice portions out and serve hot with custard. Add sugar on top and caramelise.}