{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww20260\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Gravy\
\
\

\f1\b0 \ulnone - 20kg Veal Bones\
- 1kg Carrots\
- 1 Celery\
- 5 Onions\
- 2 bottles red wine\
- 1 can tomato paste\
- 4 Bay leaves\
- black peppercorns\
- Herbs\
- 10l Chicken Stock\
\
\
\
Roast the bones in the oven, 45-50 minutes at 180\'b0c.\
\
Meanwhile, cut the mire poix in walnut sized pieces and roast in a wide pot. Stir constantly on medium high heat till nicely coloured. About 25 minutes. Add tomato paste and keep roasting till nicely browned, making sure to not burn the bottom of the pan. \
Deglaze the pot with red wine. Scrap the pot bottom clean with a spatula. Reduce all the way down to a glaze. Add water.\
\
Once the bones are roasted, add everything to a big pot. Add hot water to the oven trays and scrap out everything and add to the pot as well. Cover with chicken stock, and ice water and slowly bring to a boil. Keep degreasing and taking of building foam. Just simmer all day. Take off the heat and pass through a cheese cloth. Keep the bones. Refrigerate the stock.\
\
The next day. Take the bones, add water and simmer for another 3-4 hours. Pass through a cheesecloth and refrigerate.\
\
The next day. Take the fat off the top of the stock. Put the stock on the stove and reduce to desired consistency and flavour. Refrigerate.\
\
\
\
\
\
}