{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Beef Stilton & Onion Pie \
\
Makes 6\
\
For the crust;\
\
300g Puff Pastry\
1 egg yolk beaten with 1tsp of water\
\
For the filling;\
\
600g beef ( chuck or steak, cut 4cm thick)\
100g plain flour\
40ml veg oil\
4 spanish onion (peeled and halved, but with roots on)\
400g Paris mushrooms (halved)\
1tbsp salt\
300ml red wine\
2 bay leaves\
3 Thyme sprigs\
2lt beef stock\
100g stilton \
1/2 tsp ground black pepper\
\
To prepare the filling, put the beef in a roasting tray, dust with the floured toss the beef until all the flour has been absorbed by the meat. Add20 ml of the veg olio the tray and toss well tilll the meat is evenly coated. Put the tray in the oven at 220* and cook for 20 min till browned and liquid evaporated.\
\
While the beef is roasting, cut each onion half into 6 wedges. Put a large frying pan over medium heat, add the remaining 20ml of veg oiled warm up for 1 minute.\
Add the onions to the pan and cook, stirring frequently with a wooden spoon until brown. Add the mushrooms to the pan with half of the salt, and continue to cook fort about 4/5 minutes. Next add the wine, the herbs and bring to simmer.\
\
After the beef is been roasting for 20 minutes check if nicely browned. Once ready tip in the tray, onion, mushrooms, herbs and wine. top up with the beef stock, continue to cook for 10 minutes, at 240* then reduce to 180 for 1hour and 45 min.\
\
Once the beef falls a part, strain the liquid and toss it into a pot on medium heat, reduce until the liquid coats the back of a spoon. cool down then add the meat mixture, the crumbled stilton and voila.\
\
\
\
 }