{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Veggie Masala\
\
\

\f1\b0 \ulnone -3 tbsp house masala mix\
-3x cinnamon sticks\
-1 tbsp fennel seeds\
-1 tbsp coriander seeds\
-1 tbsp cumin \
-10x cardamom pods (cracked open, remove seeds)\
\
Dry fry all spices together and set aside.\
\
-150g fresh ginger (peeled)\
-20 cloves garlic\
\
Blend in thermomix and reserve.\
\
-6 large sliced onion\
-1 bunch coriander chopped\
-1 tsp tamarind paste, diluted in hot water and strained out the seeds\
-1 2,5kg tin chopped tomato\
-2 litres of Veg stock with 1 tbsp MSG\
-8 large potatoes peeled and chopped in good size chunks\
-2x tins chickpeas with the water\
-2 aubergine chopped into cubes\
-1 400g tin tomato puree\
\
Fry Onions in Veg oil until golden. Add garlic and ginger paste. Fry until just cooked (don\'92t burn). Add dry spices and Masala Mix. Cook out the Masala, stirring continuously. Add chopped tomato and cook out properly till dark and rich. Add tomato paste and cook, stirring till nice and golden. \
Cover with Veg stock, add potatoes and Chickpeas. 5 Minutes before finishing the curry, add the aubergines. Once it\'92s cooked, reserve in the fridge.}